Add note about not passing 0 vector for cosine sim in k-NN (#6698)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/approximate-knn.md

smaller scores with closer results, they return `1 - cosineSimilarity` for cosine similarity space---that's why `1 -` is
included in the distance function.
{: .note }

> With cosine similarity, it is not valid to pass a zero vector (`[0, 0, ...`]) as input. This is because the magnitude of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With cosine similarity, it is not valid to pass a zero vector (`[0, 0, ...]`) as input. This is because the magnitude of
```

> such a vector is 0, which would lead to the dreaded `divide by 0` exception in the corresponding formula. Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such a vector is 0, which raises a `divide by 0` exception in the corresponding formula. Requests
```

> containing the 0 vector will be rejected and a corresponding exception will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containing the zero vector will be rejected and a corresponding exception will be thrown.
```
